Terms and conditions of use
These terms and conditions ("the Terms") govern your use of this Associated New Media ("Associated") web site (the "web site").

Please read through the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, do not use this web site. If you do use the web site, your conduct indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms.

Copyright notices

Unless otherwise specified the copyright in the contents of all the pages in this web site are owned or licensed to Associated.

Unless otherwise specified, the authors of the literary and artistic works in the pages in this web site have asserted their moral right pursuant to Section 77 of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 to be identified as the author of those works.

Conditions of your use of this web site

Except as stated below, the contents of this web site may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior express written permission of Associated.

You may not distribute, display or copy any of the contents of the pages contained in this web site to third parties including, but not limited to "caching" any material on this web site for access by third parties and "mirroring" any material on this web site.

You may not provide a link to this web site from any other web site without first obtaining Associated's prior written consent.

You may print or download to disk the contents of an individual page of this web site for the purpose of private and personal non-commercial use.

You may also permit your computer to make an electronically stored, transient copy of the content in this web site for the purpose of viewing it while connected to the Internet only.

However, you may only make one copy of any content.

Exclusion of Associated's liability

The information contained in the material in this web site is only for information purposes. The material on this web site does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in this web site to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from taking) any action.

Associated does not make any warranty or representation as to the accuracy or fitness for purpose of any material on this web site or the reliability of the access to this web site.

In no event do we accept liability of any description, including liability for negligence (except for personal injury or death), for any damages or losses (including, without limitation, loss of business, revenue, profits, or consequential loss) whatsoever resulting from use of or inability to use this web site.

Associated makes no warranty that this web site (or web sites which are linked to this web site) is free from computer viruses or any other malicious or impairing computer program.

The pages contained in this web site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors.

The information in these pages may be updated from time to time and may at times be out of date.

We accept no responsibility for keeping the information in these pages up to date or liability for any failure to do so.

Third party material and advertisements

This web site contains material submitted and created by third parties. Associated excludes all liability for any illegality arising from or error, omission or inaccuracy in such material and Associated takes no responsibility for such material.

In the event that you purchase or obtain any goods or services from a third party then your acquisition of such goods or services will be in accordance with the third party's terms and conditions and Associated will have no liability to you in respect of the same.

This web site also contains links to other web sites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by Associated.

Associated is not responsible for the content of those sites. Associated provides these links for your convenience only but does not necessarily endorse the material on these sites.

Note: Reuters content is the intellectual property of Reuters or its third party content providers. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Reuters content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Reuters and Reuters Sphere Logo are trade marks and registered trade marks of the Reuters Group of companies around the world. For additional information on other Reuters Services please visit the Reuters public web site - http://www.reuters.com.

Material submitted by you

By submitting any material to Associated, you automatically grant Associated the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You acknowledge that Associated is not obliged to publish any material submitted by you.

Data Protection and Privacy

Any details which you provide to us from which we can identify you are held and processed in accordance with our Data Protection Registration. Further details are set out in our Privacy Policy.

Validity

If any term, condition, or provision of these terms and conditions is determined to be unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms, conditions and provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Law governing the Terms

Use of this Website and these Terms shall be subject only to the laws of England and Wales which shall exclusively govern the interpretation, application and effect of all the above permissions, exclusions, licences and conditions of use.

Jurisdiction

The Courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of or in connection with this Website and its use and these Terms.

This Website is aimed at users in the United Kingdom. Where UK regulatory authorities have jurisdiction over the contents of this Website, Associated has attempted to ensure compliance with the requirements of such regulatory body.

However, some of the information in the pages contained in this Website is not to be accessed from certain jurisdictions and no representation or warranty is made as to whether the information available in this Website complies with the regulatory regime of countries other than the United Kingdom.

Entire Agreement

These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Associated relating to the subject matter herein.

Queries

If you have any questions or queries regarding any of the services or products featured please send an email to feedback@anm.co.uk.

Company Information

This is Travel, femail.co.uk, This is London, UK Plus and This is Money are all trading names of Associated New Media, a division of Associated Newspapers Ltd. Registered Office, Northcliffe House, Derry Street, London W8 5TT. Reg No 84121. VAT number 243 5711 74.

SUBSCRIPTION AREAS

Some areas of the Associated websites are only accessible to subscribers ("Subscription Areas").

You should visit the Frequently Asked Questions area of the website for more details about access, subscription costs, cancelling your subscription and registration.

Except as set below, the same terms and conditions and privacy policy apply to the Subscription Areas as apply to all other parts of Associated's web sites. The information set out in the Frequently Asked Questions section of the website is also incorporated into these terms and conditions.

COSTS

The cost of access to the Subscription Areas is set out in the pages where you can subscribe. Associated will notify you of any increases in the cost of your subscription to the Subscription Areas by email. You can subscribe on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis which will renew automatically unless cancelled.You will only be charged for your subscription with effect from the expiry of the free trial period.

CANCELLING YOUR SUBSCRIPTION

When you subscribe you will receive a free trial. You may cancel this at any time prior to the expiry of the trial period. Detail so of how to do so are contained the cancelling your subscription section of the Frequently Asked Questions area. For cancellations following the end of the trial period and all other cancellations, please see the section of the Frequently Asked Questions covering cancellation.

SECURITY

When you are buying services over the Internet, you need to be assured that your details will be safe from prying eyes and misuse.

Associated is well aware of these issues and it is important that you are too and that you are confident that every effort has been made to protect you.

Any information being passed over the internet, whether credit card details, names, addresses, phone numbers or other sensitive information, is encrypted to the highest industry standard so that no one can read or obtain your details for fraudulent means. All information is held by Worldpay who will be responsible for debiting the correct amount from your card.

PAYMENT

You can pay using one of the following credit/debit cards: Visa, MasterCard, Switch or Delta.

You can choose to pay on an annual, quarterly or monthly basis but in each case we take payment in advance.

All prices are quoted in Pounds Sterling and payment cannot be accepted in any other currency.

FORMATION OF CONTRACT

No contract will subsist between you and Associated to make the Subscription Areas available to you unless and until you have submitted your payment details to Worldpay and they have confirmed to us that your account has been debited. There will be a legally binding contract between us and you will be able to access the subscription areas.

You confirm you are over 18 years of age and if you are ordering any service on behalf of a company or partnership that you have the necessary authority to do so.

Associated reserves the right to change prices listed without notice and also reserves the right to decline to make the Subscription Areas available to any individual, company or other entity.

