Terms of Use

Effective December 14, 2023

Patreon is a membership platform that helps connect fans with creators they love. Our mission is to put creators first, and these terms attempt to do that. We know that most people skim through terms of use because they’re boring, but we have done everything we can to make this easy to get through. Above every section, we’ll summarize the most important parts, but these summaries are not legally binding, so please look at the full version of the text for a complete understanding of these terms.

Archive of Prior Terms
TOPICS
Welcome to Patreon!
Your account
Abusive conduct
All about being a creator
All about being a patron
Patreon's role
Account deletion
Your creations
Third-party apps and services
Patreon's creations
Indemnity
Warranty disclaimer
Limitation of liability
Dispute resolution
Everything else
Back to Policy
Welcome to Patreon!
To summarize: by using Patreon you agree to these terms.

These are Patreon’s Terms of Use, and they apply to all users of the Patreon platform. “We,” “our,” and “us” refer to Patreon, Inc. “Patreon” refers to this platform and the services offered by us, including the Patreon iOS app, the Patreon Android app, Patreon APIs, Patreon embeds, www.patreon.com, and Patreon’s other websites. By using Patreon, you agree to these terms and to the other policies we post, including the Privacy Policy, Community Guidelines, and Benefit Guidelines. Please read them carefully and let us know if you have any questions. For information about our data practices, please see our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy. We collect, use, and share information in accordance with those policies.

Your account
To summarize: You must be at least 13 years old to use Patreon. You are responsible for your account.

When you create an account, you must provide us with accurate information, in good faith, and you agree to keep your information updated if it changes. To create an account or otherwise use Patreon, you must be at least 13 years old and you must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). You must be at least 18 years old or have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to have a creator page on Patreon or to purchase an offering or subscription on Patreon. You must be at least 18 years old to subscribe to an Adult/18+ creator or purchase an offering related to such a creator. You are responsible for anything that occurs when anyone is signed in to your account, as well as the security of the account. Please contact us immediately if you believe your account is compromised. You can learn more about security in our Security Policy.

Abusive conduct
To summarize: Be responsible and don’t violate our terms or policies.

You are responsible for all activity on your account. If you violate our terms or policies, then we may terminate your account. Don’t do anything illegal, abusive towards others, that abuses Patreon in a technical way, or that exploits Patreon in an unintended manner that is detrimental to us, like using Patreon as a storage platform. If you are a creator earning money on Patreon, we may be exposed to risk based on what you do with those funds. As a result, we may also look at what you do outside of Patreon. You can find more detailed information in the Community Guidelines and Security Policy. These terms and our policies cover most issues, but, if you find a new and creative way to hurt Patreon or our community, we may take action to prevent it.

All about being a creator
To summarize: A creator is someone who creates a page on Patreon to engage with patrons who purchase memberships or offerings on Patreon to support the creator’s creations. There are a lot of details below involving payments, fees, taxes, and restrictions that you should read in full if you are a creator.

Creator Page

To become a creator, simply launch your page to start your offering or membership. When you join Patreon, you become part of the Patreon community. You can use creator tools that we provide to, among other things, showcase your creations, engage with the Patreon community, and provide merchandise to patrons through our merch service. Memberships are for your most passionate fans. On Patreon, you can provide your patrons something exciting that gives them special benefits they want, including additional access, merchandise, exclusive creations, and engaging community experiences. In turn, you will receive loyal support from your patrons, and revenue from memberships and offerings that patrons have purchased on Patreon.

Payments

As a creator, you may make offerings available on Patreon on a one-time basis and may make memberships available on Patreon on an automatically-renewing subscription basis. Where supported and as applicable, we automatically convert the prices of offerings and subscriptions into a patron’s local currency based on a currency conversion rate that may be determined at our sole discretion. You can learn more here. Also, where supported and subject to your controls as applicable, we may automatically increase the prices of offerings to patrons to account for the fees imposed by the platforms (like the App Store) on which the associated purchases were made in a manner that may be determined at our sole discretion. You can learn more here.

We typically handle payments issues such as fraud, chargebacks, and resolution of payments disputes, though, for purchases made through certain platforms (like the App Store), the associated platforms may handle these payments issues. We try to provide timely access to the funds you’ve earned on Patreon based on the level and type of Patreon service you select. Purchases made on certain platforms (like the App Store) and different levels and types of Patreon service may have different timelines associated with funds becoming accessible to you and/or may require that reserves of funds are withheld from becoming accessible to you. You can learn more here. You may, however, occasionally experience further delays in accessing these funds.

We may also block or withhold access to these funds for violations of our terms or policies or for compliance reasons, including collecting tax reporting information. When this happens, we try to communicate the reason to you promptly. If you have questions about access to funds being blocked or withheld, please reach out to us. In order to protect creators, we may block patrons’ payments if we believe them to be fraudulent. Sometimes activities like refunds to patrons and chargebacks from patrons can put your account balance into the negative and any fees you’ve incurred from Patreon or the platforms (like the App Store) on which the purchases were made, as described below, may not be refunded to you when such refunds and chargebacks are processed. If your balance becomes negative, we reserve the right to recover those funds from future payments.

To make sure Patreon is a safe community for everyone, we are required to have all creators sharing sexually explicit creations or creations that include nudity agree to certain additional requirements. If you are an Adult/ 18+ creator, then you agree to verify that you are over the age of 18 through the means requested by us, to verify that each person depicted in your creations is over the age of 18, and to obtain each such persons’ written consent to participate in your creations. A consent form template that you may use for this purpose is located in our Help Center, where you may get additional information about these requirements. You agree that you will promptly provide us with this proof of age verification and consent if we request it.

Fees

As a creator, there are fees associated with your offerings and paid memberships on Patreon. The general nature of these fees is summarized below, but the most current information is found in our Help Center. These fees may increase with notice to you and may vary depending on the level and type of Patreon service you select, including whether you choose to use Patreon’s paid membership service, free membership service, and/or service for facilitating one-time purchases:

The platform fee, which may include a flat fee and/or is calculated as a percentage of successfully processed payments. For service levels and types that include merch, please note that, in addition to the platform fee for using the merch service, we also charge you for the cost of the merchandise itself based on the quantity and SKUs of the associated items;
Feature-specific fees, which may arise from the use of particular Patreon features and may include a flat fee and/or are calculated as a percentage of successfully processed payments;
The payment processing fee, which is calculated as a percentage of successfully processed payments and a flat fee per successfully processed payment and relates to the cost of processing payments from patrons, including recurring billing, recovering declined payments, and fighting fraud;
The payout fee, which is a fee for transferring money you’ve earned on Patreon to your specified payout method and may vary based on your specified payout method; and
The currency conversion fee, which is calculated as a percentage of successfully processed payments made in a currency other than your payout currency.   
You can see the fees for any offerings and subscriptions on your creator dashboard, though please note that this dashboard does not list the payout fee described above. Also, as described above, when offerings are purchased on certain platforms (like the App Store), those platforms may impose fees for those purchases. We endeavor to provide you with information about those fees in your creator dashboard and, where supported and subject to your controls as applicable, Patreon may automatically increase the prices of offerings to patrons to account for those fees.

“Founding creators” are creators whose creator pages were live before May 7th, 2019 and who have not since made disqualifying changes to their creator pages. “Founding creators” may have a legacy fee structure explained in our Help Center that is no longer available to other creators.

If a patron pays in a currency that is different from the currency associated with their payment instrument, then the financial institution associated with that payment instrument may charge them a foreign transaction fee for that payment. We are not applying this fee and have no control over it, have no knowledge of whether the fee is applied, and do not receive any of the funds from that fee.

Even if a patron pays in the same currency as the currency associated with their payment instrument, when a patron’s payment is processed in a country different from the one associated with their payment instrument, then the financial institution associated with that payment instrument may charge them a foreign transaction fee for that payment. We are not applying this fee, have no knowledge of whether the fee is applied, and do not receive any of the funds from that fee, but our choices about payment processing may impact or otherwise give rise to this fee. 

Tax

In order to satisfy our tax obligations, we collect tax identification information and, in certain circumstances, report this information and earnings to tax authorities as legally required. For example, if you are located in the United States or are a United States citizen who has earned $600 or more, Patreon is required to issue you a Form 1099-K at year end. For purposes of Forms 1099-K, we treat all creator earnings as earned for the sales of goods or services. You are responsible for reporting any income, withholding, or other earnings-based taxes which may be due as a result of money you’ve earned on Patreon. You can learn more in our Tax Help Center. 

We are additionally responsible for a number of transactional taxes across the world. These include, but are not limited to, Valued Added Tax (“VAT”), Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) and other local service or sales taxes in non-US locations (collectively referred to as “VAT”), as well as state sales tax in the United States. To learn more about how we handle transaction taxes, please check our VAT guide and other Help Center articles. In locales where we are required to collect transaction tax from patrons, invoices presented to and payments processed from patrons will include the tier or custom payment amount plus the applicable tax. Applicable tax will be charged in addition to the price of a relevant transaction based upon the benefits that you indicate that you will be offering. We will use the benefit categories that you assign to your membership or offering to calculate, collect, and remit the applicable taxes. You are responsible for ensuring that all of your benefits are properly categorized using good faith efforts and to the best of your ability using the available tools. You agree to provide accurate information when you are engaging with the tier tools, sales tax weighting tools and, generally, when listing and categorizing benefits transferred within membership tiers and offerings. Once settled, the tax amount will be automatically deducted, and we will remit directly to the applicable taxing authority. A record of the transaction tax portion of the payment will be available on your earnings details page.

Amounts payable under this agreement between a creator and Patreon may include VAT or sales tax where applicable. Please refer to our Tax Help Center in this regard. You agree that you will provide us with any information and documents for accurate tax determination and compliance, where and as we request or as otherwise required.

Restrictions

We don’t allow creations and benefits that violate our terms or policies. You can learn more by visiting our Community Guidelines and Benefit Guidelines. A high level summary of those rules is that we don’t allow:

illegal creations or benefits;
creations or benefits that are abusive towards other people;
creations or benefits that are misleading or deceptive;
creations or benefits that use others’ intellectual property, unless you have written permission to use it, or your use is protected as fair use; or
creations or benefits with real people engaging in sexual acts.
If you are an Adult/ 18+ creator, then certain features associated with the the level and type of Patreon service you select may not be available to you.

If your fans include people under the age of 18, then please remind them that they need their parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to purchase an offering or membership subscription on Patreon, and that those under the age of 13 cannot use Patreon. We are not required to allow any particular person or group of persons to access an offering, be a patron or otherwise access Patreon services.

As a creator, you are also responsible for keeping patron data safe. You agree to our Data Processing Agreement (DPA) that we sometimes refer to as the Creator Privacy Promise. 

An account is tied to your creative output and cannot be sold or transferred for use by another creator.

We are constantly experimenting with product features to make Patreon better and may add, remove, or test features with a subset of creators. Access to these features is not guaranteed and may not be subject to your control. Instead, we may enable and disable these early-access, beta, or test features at our sole discretion. These features may also be subject to additional restrictions and limitations, including some that we describe in our Help Center. 

All about being a patron
To summarize: A patron is someone who subscribes and/or makes a purchase on Patreon, which may come with special benefits from creators they love. Through a subscription or offering on Patreon, patrons may receive benefits and directly interact with creators using tools supplied by us, and, through Patreon, have the opportunity to engage with a community of patrons and creators.

As a patron, you’re supporting a creator and may receive special benefits like shoutouts, exclusive creations, or merchandise. You pay on a one-time or automatically-renewing subscription basis as specified; Patreon is the billing entity that is associated with this charge. If your primary payment method fails and you’ve configured one or more backup payment methods, then we will charge those backup payment methods based on that configuration.

The timing and amount of each subscription or offering depends on the type of subscription or offering you select and the creator you support. You can see the details prior to purchasing the offering or starting the subscription and you can view all your active subscriptions and your billing history.

To become a patron, simply subscribe or purchase a paid subscription or other offering on Patreon. Subject to these terms and full payment of all applicable charges, to the extent a subscription or offering includes access to one or more of a creator’s creations, you receive a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited license to access and view those creations for your own private, personal, non-promotional, non-commercial use. Creations you gain access to in this manner will generally continue to be available to you, but may become unavailable at any time as described below.

In addition to one-time purchases, there are three types of paid, automatically renewing subscriptions offered on Patreon. One is a monthly subscription where you pay per month. The second is a per-creation subscription where you pay per-creation posted by the creator. You can set a limit on the number of creations you pay for in a single month under this per-creation subscription model. The third is an annual subscription, where you pay for a year of access up front, typically at a discounted rate. Not all types of membership subscriptions are offered by all creators and the then current subscription options for a given creator will be presented to you prior to entering into the membership.

Each type of paid subscription automatically renews monthly (for monthly and per-creation memberships) or annually (for annual memberships) until you cancel via your membership settings. If your subscription includes a free trial, then, unless you cancel via your membership settings before your free trial ends, you will be charged for the first time after the specified free trial period ends and you’ll start an automatically renewing paid subscription on Patreon of the type you selected. Your recurring charge date may be earlier than the date you first subscribed for reasons including, for example, differences between your timezone and the timezone in which our billing systems operate and your most recent previous charge date being earlier due to variances in the length of months. The amount you are charged for a membership subscription may increase with notice to you. This enables creators to, for example, adjust membership prices to account for increased costs, new or different benefits, or other changed circumstances, just like any other business. Similarly, this enables Patreon to, for example, account for new currency exchange rates by refreshing the conversion rate applied when a patron pays in a currency different than the one chosen by the creator. Patreon does not control the applicable tax that you may be charged and this amount may increase without notice to you.

You may cancel your free trial or recurring payments at any time, as described above.  For monthly and annual memberships, canceling or lowering the tier support of your membership will impact your next recurring charge. For per-creation memberships, lowering the tier support of your membership will impact your next per-creation charge and canceling your membership will go into effect before your next per-creation charge. Annual memberships may be canceled or increased, but not lowered, and increasing your payment to a higher tier level in an annual membership will go into effect in the current payment term. When you increase your payment during the current payment term, you may be credited for any payment already made in that term. For example, if you upgrade from a monthly membership to an annual membership, then the amount you already paid for that particular month may be credited toward, and thereby reduce the first year cost of, the annual membership.

Canceling your membership or lowering the tier support below the applicable threshold may result in your loss of access to membership subscription benefits, including a creator’s patron-only posts and other benefits. You may also lose access to offerings you’ve purchased and membership subscription benefits if, for example and as applicable, your payment method fails, we terminate your account, the creator blocks you, the creator stops making offerings and/or memberships available on Patreon, the creator deletes their Patreon account, the creator changes who has access to an offering and/or membership, the creator removes a post or offering from their Patreon account, we remove the creator from Patreon, we change who has access to an offering and/or membership, or we remove a post or offering from from a creator’s Patreon account. We are not required to allow you to access an offering, be a patron of, or to otherwise interact with any particular creator.

Membership subscriptions and offerings vary and we have limited control over the quality and specific benefits. We attempt to screen for fraudulent creator pages, but cannot guarantee the identity of creators or the validity of any claims they make. We appreciate your help reporting suspicious creator pages so we can keep the Patreon community safe.

If you are located in a jurisdiction in which Patreon is required to charge and collect tax, for example VAT or sales tax, then this tax is added to the total charge. Except in limited circumstances, this tax is shown to you when purchasing an offering or starting a paid subscription. Patreon remits all tax collected to the applicable taxing authority. As tax is largely dependent on your location, you agree to keep your location complete and up to date in order to enable accurate collection of taxes.

If you pay in a currency that is different from the currency associated with your payment instrument, then the financial institution associated with that payment instrument may charge you a foreign transaction fee for that payment. We are not applying this fee and have no control over it, have no knowledge of whether the fee is applied, and do not receive any of the funds from that fee.

Even if you pay in the same currency as the currency associated with your payment instrument, when your payment is processed in a country different from the one associated with your payment instrument, then the financial institution associated with that payment instrument may charge you a foreign transaction fee for that payment. We are not applying this fee, have no knowledge of whether the fee is applied, and do not receive any of the funds from that fee, but our choices about payment processing may impact or otherwise give rise to this fee.

We are constantly experimenting with product features to make Patreon better and may add, remove, or test features with a subset of patrons. Access to these features is not guaranteed and may not be subject to your control. Instead, we may enable and disable these early-access, beta, or test features at our sole discretion. These features may also be subject to additional restrictions and limitations, including some that we describe in our Help Center. 

Refunds. Our policy is not to provide refunds, including if you lose access to offerings and/or membership subscription benefits as described above, though we may allow for some exceptions where refunds are granted at our sole discretion. If you made a purchase on certain platforms (like the App Store), then Patreon may not be able to address any associated refund requests, and you may need to contact those platforms directly. You can learn more here.

Patreon's role
To summarize: We may look at some pages and posts on Patreon and review reported pages to identify potential violations of these terms and our policies.

We look at some pages and posts on Patreon to enforce these terms and our policies, including our Community Guidelines and Benefit Guidelines. We also investigate reports of potential violations. These investigations may take a while to resolve and, primarily because Patreon may be exposed to risk based on what is done with funds earned on Patreon, may include reviewing activity outside of Patreon.

In most situations, we will work with creators and patrons to resolve any potential policy violations and allow the creator or patron to continue using Patreon. Patreon may terminate creator or patron accounts when we believe it is necessary to protect creators, patrons, Patreon, or the broader community, but it is not an action we take lightly.

Patreon reserves the right to remove a creator or patron from participating in annual memberships. Removing a creator from participation in annual memberships will remove the option for further patrons to purchase annual subscriptions on Patreon for that creator. Removing a patron from participation in annual memberships will prohibit that patron from purchasing further annual membership subscriptions on Patreon for any creator. This will not, however, result in an automatic removal of the creator or patron from Patreon, unless there is an independent basis for that removal.

Please let us know if you see potential violations of our Community Guidelines. You can learn how to report them here.

As a global company based in the United States with operations in other countries, we must comply with economic sanctions and trade restrictions, including those implemented by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) of the United States Department of the Treasury. This means that we cannot take part in transactions that involve designated people, places, or items that originate from those places, as determined by agencies like OFAC. You can read our Sanctions Policy here.

Account deletion
To summarize: You can delete your account here. We can terminate or disable your account at our sole discretion.

You can permanently delete your account at any time by going to our Privacy Center.

We can terminate or suspend your account at any time at our sole discretion. We can also cancel any membership subscriptions and remove any descriptions, posts, offerings, or benefits at our sole discretion. You may not bring a claim against us for suspending or terminating another person’s account, and you agree you will not bring such a claim. If you try to bring such a claim, you are responsible for the damages caused, including attorneys’ fees and costs. These terms remain in effect even if you no longer have an account.

Your creations
To summarize: Creators keep full ownership of their creations and patrons keep full ownership of what they post on Patreon, but give us permission to use them as part of Patreon’s services. Make sure you have permission to post the creations that you make available on Patreon.

Creators keep full ownership of their creations and patrons keep full ownership of what they post on Patreon, but we need licenses from you for this material in order to operate Patreon’s services effectively. By making creations available on Patreon or otherwise posting on Patreon, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license covering your creation or what you post in all formats and channels now known or later developed anywhere in the world to use, copy, reproduce, store, translate, transmit, distribute, perform, prepare derivative works, publicly display, and display in connection with any name, username, voice, or likeness provided in connection with it. If your creations contain any personal data, you also recognize Patreon’s “legitimate interest” in it in accordance with the scope of this license.

This sounds like a lot, but it’s important for us to operate our services, including hosting creations, providing and promoting memberships to your patrons, and enabling community features like post comments. For clarity, you keep full ownership over your creations and what you post on Patreon; we are not buying your intellectual property rights or leasing them from you for our gain. We will never try to steal your creations, use them in an exploitative way, or seek to profit off of them by any means other than facilitating memberships and offerings you’ve configured on Patreon. 

You agree not to make available creations or otherwise make posts on Patreon that infringe others’ intellectual property or proprietary rights. Patreon reserves the right to remove creations and other material that violate Patreon’s terms and policies, including these Terms of Use and the Community Guidelines. We respond to compliant notifications of claimed copyright infringement and have adopted and reasonably implemented a policy for terminating, in appropriate circumstances, the accounts of creators and patrons who are the subject of repeated compliant notifications of claimed copyright infringement or other evidence that suggests a pattern of repeat infringement. Information regarding how this policy is implemented as well as the process for reporting or responding to notifications of claimed copyright infringement can be found here.

Patrons may not use creations posted by creators in any way not authorized by the creator, including sharing those creations with others who have not purchased the offering or subscription through which those creations were made available. 

Third-party apps and services
To summarize: You may grant third-party apps and services access to your Patreon account and you may grant Patreon access to third-party apps and services. You may also revoke this access.

When you connect your Patreon account to other websites, apps, or services, you may be asked to give those websites, apps, or services access to information about your Patreon account and/or permission to perform actions within your Patreon account on your behalf. If you choose to take this authorization action, then we will follow your instructions and grant the access or permission that you’ve selected. You can learn more in our Privacy Policy.

Patreon's creations
To summarize: You agree that any bug reports or suggested improvements that you provide to Patreon will be fully owned by Patreon. Creators can use our copyrights or trademarks to promote their Patreon pages, but can’t use them for anything else without our permission.

Our creations are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret laws. Some examples of our creations are the text on the www.patreon.com site, the text on Patreon’s other websites, our iOS and Android apps, our APIs, our embeds, our logo, and our codebase. We grant creators a license to use our logo and other copyrights or trademarks to promote their Patreon pages. You can learn more about the correct use of our logo in our Brand Guidelines. You may not otherwise use, reproduce, distribute, perform, publicly display, or prepare derivative works of our creations unless we give you permission in writing. Please ask if you have any questions.

We welcome your feedback on the performance of the Patreon product, including any early-access, beta, or test features to which you’ve been given access, and your help in identifying any problems, bugs, and defects. You agree that any suggestions, comments, ideas, bug reports, or suggested improvements that you provide to us will be fully owned by us so that we can use them to improve Patreon and thereby better help the community of creators and patrons.

Indemnity
To summarize: If we are sued because of your use of or conduct on Patreon, you have to help pay for it.

You will indemnify us from all losses and liabilities, including legal fees, that arise from these terms or relate to your use of Patreon. We reserve the right to exclusive control over the defense of a claim covered by this clause. If we use this right, then you will help us in our defense. Your obligation to indemnify under this clause also applies to our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, and third-party service providers.

Warranty disclaimer
To summarize: We do our best to make sure Patreon works as expected, but stuff happens.

Patreon is provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind. Any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and any other warranty, whether express or implied, is excluded and disclaimed to the greatest extent permitted by law. The disclaimers of warranty under this clause also apply to our subsidiaries, affiliates, and third-party service providers.

Limitation of liability
To summarize: If you lose money as a result of using Patreon, any payment to you is limited to the amount of money we have earned through your use of Patreon.

To the greatest extent permitted by law, we are not liable to you for any incidental, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of these terms, or your use or attempted use of Patreon. To the greatest extent permitted by law, our liability for damages is limited to the amount of money we have earned through your use of Patreon. We are specifically not liable for loss associated with unfulfilled offerings and benefits and from losses caused by conflicting contractual agreements. For this clause, “we” and “our” is defined to include our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, and third-party service providers.

Dispute resolution
To summarize: If you have a problem, please talk to us. Any disputes with us must be resolved in San Francisco under California law.

We encourage you to contact us if you have an issue. If a dispute does arise out of these terms or in relation to your use of Patreon, then the dispute will be resolved in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco, California. Both parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the San Francisco courts for the purpose of resolving any such dispute. California law, excluding its conflict of law provisions, governs these terms, all other Patreon policies, and any dispute that arises between you and Patreon.

Everything else
To summarize: These terms are the final word on Patreon’s policies and we will tell you if we make material changes to them.

These terms and any referenced policies are the entire agreement between you and us, supersede all prior agreements, and don’t create any partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship between you and us. If any provision of these terms is held to be unenforceable, then that provision is modified to the extent necessary to enforce it. If a provision cannot be modified to make it enforceable, then it is severed from these terms, and all other provisions remain in force. If either party fails to enforce a right provided by these terms, then it does not waive the ability to enforce any rights in the future. 

We may sometimes make changes to these terms. If we make a change to these terms that, in our sole discretion, is material, then we will let you know before the changes come into effect. Continuing to use Patreon after a change means you accept the new terms or policies.

We are committed to accessibility for those with disabilities. You can find Patreon’s accessibility policy here. If you use accessibility tools and have questions or concerns, please contact us at accessibility@patreon.com. 

If you sign-up to receive text messages from us, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text (e.g., SMS and MMS) messages from us, including text messages that may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system, to the mobile telephone number you provided when signing up or any other number that you designate. Consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. We reserve the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, so as to increase or decrease the total number of sent messages. We also reserve the right to change the short code or phone number from which messages are sent. Not all mobile devices or handsets may be supported and our messages may not be deliverable in all areas. We, our service providers, and the mobile carriers supported by the program are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.

The street address of Patreon’s headquarters is Patreon, Inc., 600 Townsend Street Suite 500, San Francisco, CA.

